FIX attribute `component_indices_` was not assigned to the write values in Nystroem (#20554)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.0.rst

- |Fix| Allow multiple scorers input to
  :func:`~sklearn.inspection.permutation_importance`.
  :pr:`19411` by :user:`Simona Maggio <simonamaggio>`.
  

> :mod:`sklearn.kernel_approximation`
> .......................

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:mod:`sklearn.kernel_approximation`
...................................
```

Author: Thank you for your suggestions. The doc has been revised, and a non-regression test has been added.

> - |Fix| Fix a bug of the attribute ``component_indices_`` in
>   :class:`sklearn.kernel_approximation.Nystroem`. 
>   The attribute ``component_indices_`` should have a dimension of ``n_components``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Fix| Fix a bug in  :class:`sklearn.kernel_approximation.Nystroem`
   where the attribute `component_indices_` did not corresponds
   to the subset of samples indices used to generate the approximated
   kernel.
```
